sup everyone fancy it from proline today
we're talking about that Haller bag so
I'm going to open up a brand new one get
it assembled and show you what it's all
about alright guys so unless has been
preassembled by the shop your bag is
going to come I'll fold it up and sealed
up in a bag so we'll pull it out here if
you assembly started
you got the bag itself and then
underneath the bag of all the drawers
stacked up alright so you got a lot of
parts out first we're going to build the
drawers you got our stack of drawers
here we've got the double sided tape
already on them what's missing right now
are the edges so reach in the bag grab
our drawer edges and unpackage of these
all right so let's put together our
first drawer first I like to pre bend
these fold lines and we'll start
assembling from one corner so we're
going to fold up a corner prebend this
edge a little bit peel off the backing
and can line up the edge with your eye
make sure this side straight right
before stick the tape down move on to
the next corner and do the same thing
line it up with your eye and stick it
it's that easy
alright on the last one before you do
your your second-to-last corner make
sure your last corner is also tucked in
and the last corner stuck and you're
ready for the edges go ahead and pull
the tape off are the backing off and
these edges are a little bit tricky what
we're going to do is going to light
we're going to line up the edge on the
drawer slide it past the double-sided
tape and then we'll smash it down with
their fingers to get it to stick
so we'll line it up slide it down and
then smash together
it's stuck one more time for the front
edge line it up slide it down and pinch
it shut it's good to go
well we'll build our other three drawers
just like this and then we'll throw them
in the bag all right so we've got all
our drawers built now we'll get the
dividers in the bag get the drawers and
dividers now I'm going to put the
drawers in of how they're suggested to
be put in but you can flip these sides
around if you choose to get the small
drawers on the bottom you'll see how
that works in the second here so we'll
pull the parts out of the bag you see we
have two toward two horizontal drawer
dividers and this one's got the little
vertical separator so pull all these out
then you've got our side panels with the
the velcro on the sides so what we'll do
is I'll slip our velcro or our side
panels in the bag to give it its shape
all right so we're going to put this
this last side panel in and as you can
see we'll put the velcro on that on the
high side so I like to angle these
things in here and then you can kind of
just push them towards the outside push
the top on the outside they'll slide
right into the slot where they're meant
to go so now we got the shape or now we
got our bag assembled and it's has its
form we'll put the drawer dividers in
alright so we'll start with our lower
drawer divider now we have three Belko
straps that are going to adhere
themselves inside the bag one on each
side and one on the back now take your
time with this it's a little bit tricky
to get it in there and lined up
perfectly so we'll give it a shot
I like to angle that divider in so you
can do one at a time line up this velcro
edge and stick it on and move to the
other side and then finally reach in and
do the back side once you got your
velcro started make sure it's all
pressed together it's strong and we're
ready for the next drawer divider
alright the top drawer dividers is the
same thing except we have our vertical
separator so we'll get we'll get the
drawer divider end it first just like
the last one and we'll stick this little
vertical divider in line up the first
side and the next side remember to get
that back strap on too and we'll get
this vertical drawer divider
and what's nice about the velcro is its
adjustable obviously if you have fitment
issues you can just move the dividers
around here or there all right so we've
got all our drawer dividers in and we
can slide in the drawers and close the
lid
make sure that's velcroed every time you
use it and zip it shut before you pull
any weight with this thing and you're
ready to go all right so we've got this
thing put together let's check out some
of the features so you got those four
big old drawers you can fill with all
your parts and accessories and when
you're at the at the pit tables you can
roll up your flap here and a velcro's
itself and holds itself up we've got a
big pocket on this side a giant pocket
on the back for pit mat or towels or
whatever
a couple more accessory packs on the
side up on the top here it's pretty cool
you got a full tool holder so you can
hold a bunch of allen drivers or any
other accessories and when you're ready
to head out grab your car it's got these
cool bungee straps that hold your car
down on the on the top
handle pulls out and ready to wheel away
hi thanks for watching everyone you have
any questions about the Haller bag or
anything else we make check us out at
proline racing comm also subscribe to
the YouTube channel and you can see us
on Facebook Instagram and Twitter